lesson-1-reflections.txt 

How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

  Using diff between two versions of a file helped me see and compare the files, which 
  helped me see all the similarities and differences between the two files. Seeing the 
  files side by side helped me see the mistake "space-!" and led me to finding the correct
  code, "space-1" 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

   Having easy access to the entire history of a file will make me more of an efficient 
   programer in the long term because I will be able to see every single step I take. It
   will help me to go back and see both my successes and failures. Looking back on these
   will also help me see what codes are more efficient and what I can use in the future. 
   It will also help me revive accidentally deleted lines of code. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    I think a con of manually choosing when to create a commit is that if a laptop
    dies or shuts out an app for some reason, the lack of automatic save/commit
    forces me to lose all the work I did not 'commit'. A pro of commit is that 
    A plus of not having versions automatically saved like in Google docs is that 
    a coder has the ability to work on their code offline. They are able to save offline
    using 'commit'. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    I think that version control systems like Git allow saving multiple files because 
    they are more programming oriented, and several files create one group. The primary
    reason Google Docs treats each file separately is because it is a documented oriented
    program, so each individual file is important in itself. Google docs is mainly 
    oriented for writing essays and reading, not writing code, because it does not save
    every step taken. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

I can use the command git long to view the history of files because git log is used to 
list all the changes made to a program/repository. 
I can use command git diff to view the history of files because git diff is used to see
the  difference between the current state and histories of two files. 
 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Using version control can make me more confident to make changes that could break 
    something because even if something goes horribly wrong, every single one of my
    previous steps are saved, hence I can just revert back to when everything was working
    correctly. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to be able to write my own programs and work with others to create programs with 
them as well. 
